command Prompt Notes:

1. ctrl+r ->type in program you want to open
2. to compare two simplier text files -> fc /1 "C:\fraps\example1.txt" "C:\fraps\example2.txt"
3. "Ipconfig"-command relays the IP address that your computer is currently using.  However, if you're behind a
	routers (like most computers today), you'll instead receive the local network addrss of the router
	
	Still, ipconfig is useful because of its extensions. "ipconfig/release" follow by 
	"ipconfig/renew" can force your Widnows PC into asking for a new IP address, which is useful if your
	computer claims one isn't available.  You can also use "ipconfig/flushdns" to refresh your DNS address.
	These commands are great if the Windows network troubleshooter chokes, which does happen on occasion.
4. Ping/Pathping/tracert are good to test connection to IP address or web domain
5. "Tasklist"-provides current list of all tasks running on your PC
6. Taskkill-command that force stops a program with "taskkill -im" follow by the executable name or "taskkill -pid"
	followed by the process ID.
7. Shutdown-shuts down computer
8. Shutdown /r /o-restarts PC and launches the Advanced Start Options menu to access Safe Mode and Windows recovery utilities.

pwd        -print working directory
hostname   -my computer's network name
mkdir      -make directory
cd         -change directory
ls         -list directory
rmdir      -remove directory
pushd      -push directory
popd       -pop directory
cp         -copy a file or directory
robocopy   -robust copy
mv         -move a file or directory
more       -page through a file
type       -print the whole file
forfiles   -run a command on lots of files
dir -r     -find files-select-string-find things inside files
help       - read a manual page
helpctr    -find what man page is appropriate
echo       -print some arguments
set        -export/set a new environment variable
exit       -exit the shell
runas      -DANGER! become super user root DANGER!
attrib     -change permission modifiers
iCACLS     -change ownership